what are my friends and sincerely
Welcome to the first episode
still and today we have the theme here
as you conditionally I say with intention
Conditionally 1 vc course can handle
Of course , this is about the team Vc Bahn
Of course steam is logical and everyone
the one steam account knows that one
steam vc can be banished and man
can only be banned at special games
that is, if you just play
and decided like some of us
stop then you will either
completely account for cee banned or it
only your game will be banned
and if only your game is banned
Of course you can remedy that
and I'll be in the next five
Easily explain minutes as you do
Let's just take me as
For example, at that time I was in
black ops two spellbound because i have one
pistols script for the mouse had well
it is not really a script
but a macro I have a marco
keyboard and I just got that
set that in my options
I leave my marco button pressed and
he starts the pistol counting directly
he really is not
send or I just have a mark
per keyboard or mouse and would like this
also use accordingly
gamble
otherwise I would have the 100 euro for the
keyboard can save or not
yes in any case, I was then vrc
banned in black ops 2 only in black ops
2 That means in my account is synonymous
not in it that I look at two
if I am with my mine
account log in and look up
two pulled stands then this account was
permanently locked
for marco keyboard use something like that
is handicapped or now there is one
very simple way against it my
friends and that you know yes
all determines the team familyfair
program
yes it really works at only
that works
this would have a steam family & cher
Join group and that means you can
then if you are in the program
have been taken up all yours
library with five different people
sharon that is from your family your
friends or anything else and these
can then turn to another account
access your games
and now this is for some
this works for some
that does not work that way
just had to try it
So with me, for example, in mw3 I have
then properly hacked so for the good
i really have all the titles in the
was playing I have frozen I
killed and then I have the whole round
made immortal and become
really fun so the players
also had a lot of fun with me though
I turned off all the titles like that
but no matter where you are turned
the circle became Shiites in black ops 2
I was spellbound so I was just about
mp3s also spotted in my account
with a vcb black ops 2 namely not
look at the ice only vehicles tape if
I log into the game
then it's time to call me
Duty is more open-minded than follow that
I want to fall in this style
military program no thing and have with
made a new account and just got it
shared my library with myself
So with my new account, yes and
then I thought at some point
Just look at it again
you look round if you can
I know one of the black ops
best call of duty series for me
player for me and I have then
and I logged it in and it
Actually, of course, I started
again at 1 then but I can so my
men countess banned in black ops 2
but the other account is not
so I planned my new account
with the steam familyfair program
did not banned that means
I can again play officially normal
but found 11 or everything
but that's not so bad
the whole diaz and stuff are too
Everything must be considered in this
steam family scheer
I always explain the whole thing to you like it
works as for the people who own it
do not know yet
that does not mean of course now
like crazy and then it does or something
no hackers are all son of a bitch though
You may call it that or yes
Hackers are all fuckers the little one
penis and so have their micro penis
want to compensate complexly
ok, I explain all the time you are looking for
just join the team a specific group
that means family & cher if you like that
you have made the whole group talk
and just write in this group
in white medleys to the stream solemnly
is cher program or something in the art
I'll see because there are a thousand
Make other people on the day too
At that time I still have two or three
lasted days then I had my far
by e mail
and I could stop myself there
I had to stephen beta client
has downloaded
Everything automatically done in the course
this steam family cher e mail
and then I could just come with me
my other account is yours
just with an account on the pc
the library was logged in
hoofed and is its own is
skoda nasdaq another account directly in
your settings in there and can there
the pc released or the account if
you then often have a new one around loks
account and do you have all the games there
what you do what you do before
the team has to activate it well
So that his order to the garden needs
money comes there is no dream
yes and then you can with your other
account your whole library well
at least almost the whole library all
games are not integrated yet
there is still a beta working there
still on it but partly it works
with a few friends who can
do that with css if they are in css
are banned
on another account you can
play again now because they are free there
are
it really depends on whether one
have or hard vrc ground if its just a
I know about the vcs game
not if he is in any case only in the
You are free to play this game
Play your other account again
if he has that on the new account
it's not over here so to speak
the old one log data but I have
really new you are really new then
is really how tell the game
then you bought new what you to yours
other library then plays yes and
that was it so easy
is that my friends
it definitely works conditionally
but i hope i could catch you with that
help a little further there is yes
really like people like me when i'm in
look at two because of macro using it okay
is clearly unfair advantage but me
Got it all around, what should not I do
Spend money on an expensive keyboard
if I know then not used
you are so weak so I think
that's banned okay I can already
Somewhere somewhere something understands
Imperator advantage when I gamble
had it all I think would halt
i didnt think i was using for macro
banned for that
I thank you for watching my
friends i hope i could give you one
Help a little and enjoy the
last seconds of the gameplay until then
pure skin
March
at the end
allied threaten
for sure